Minimal config in installation guide (#11339)
blakeblackshear/frigate: docs/docs/frigate/installation.md

- `/tmp/cache`: Cache location for recording segments. Initial recordings are written here before being checked and converted to mp4 and moved to the recordings folder. Segments generated via the `clip.mp4` endpoints are also concatenated and processed here. It is recommended to use a [`tmpfs`](https://docs.docker.com/storage/tmpfs/) mount for this.
- `/dev/shm`: Internal cache for raw decoded frames in shared memory. It is not recommended to modify this directory or map it with docker. The minimum size is impacted by the `shm-size` calculations below.

:::warning

> For Frigate to start, you will need to have a valid configuration file inside your `config/` directory mentioned above. You can find a minimal reference configuration with a dummy camera on the [full reference config page](https://docs.frigate.video/configuration/reference/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Frigate to start, it requires a valid configuration file inside the `/config/` directory mentioned above. There is a step by step guide to creating a minimal configuration in the [getting started guide](https://docs.frigate.video/guides/getting_started#configuring-frigate).
```

    ...
```

:::warning

Users of the Snapcraft build of Docker cannot use storage locations outside your $HOME folder.

:::

> ### Creating a minimal configuration
> For Frigate to start, you will need to have a valid configuration file inside your `config/` directory mentioned in the storage section of this page. You can find a minimal reference configuration with a dummy camera on the [full reference config page](https://docs.frigate.video/configuration/reference/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Creating a minimal configuration

For Frigate to start, you will need to have a valid configuration file inside your `config/` directory mentioned in the storage section of this page. You can find a minimal reference configuration with a dummy camera on the [full reference config page](https://docs.frigate.video/configuration/reference/).
```

The shm size cannot be set per container for Home Assistant add-ons. However, this is probably not required since by default Home Assistant Supervisor allocates `/dev/shm` with half the size of your total memory. If your machine has 8GB of memory, chances are that Frigate will have access to up to 4GB without any additional configuration.

> :::warning

Reviewer: This seems redundant to me given the first addition

Author: My thinking was it's easy to gloss over those sections and doesn't hurt to have a warning banner? If disagree, happy to remove 👍

Reviewer: Right. Let's make the first one a warning instead of a header section and remove the second.

Author: Sounds good 👍
